Response Transformer Advanced: Complete docs for 2.3 and cleanup (#2619)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_hub/kong-inc/response-transformer-advanced/index.md

remove --> replace --> add --> append

## Arrays and nested objects

The plugin allows navigating complex JSON objects (arrays and nested objects)
when `config.dots_in_keys` is set to `false` (the default is `true`).

> - `array[*]`: Will loop through all elements of the array.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `array[*]`: Loops through all elements of the array.
```

> - `array[N]`: Will navigate to the `N`th element of the array (the index of the first element is `1`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `array[N]`: Navigates to the `N`th element of the array (the index of the first element is `1`).
```

> - `top.sub`: Will navigate to the `sub` property of the `top` object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `top.sub`: Navigates to the `sub` property of the `top` object.
```
style: avoid future tense "will".

> These can be combined, for example, `config.remove.json: customers[*].info.phone` will remove

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These can be combined. For example, `config.remove.json: customers[*].info.phone` removes
```
